# Online-Car-Rental-System-Project
 The project entitled as “ONLINE CAR RENTAL SYSTEM” is a project used to design & create a Data Management System for a Car Rental Company to provide a temporary vehicle to people having valid driving license but do not own a vehicle, or whose vehicle is under repair or not cleared/repaired under insurance, or who are travelling from different town who requires a vehicle for local movement etc. This program enables the Admin to enter the vehicle details, the customer details, the rental details of a vehicle that has been rented by a Customer. The System Admin logs into the Admin Portal to register the details of cars & upload the data into the system that can be made available for rental & also view the orders from customers & the daily sales (Hiring of Vehicles). The Admin can also Edit the information about the Vehicles such as Add, Update, & Delete Vehicle Information as well. The Customer can login online creating a customer code and book a car from the choice given prior to his actual arrival at the car rental office and taking delivery of the vehicle. He can log into the Customer Portal of the car rental company & specifies the area zip code in which the customer belongs to, the purpose of the renting, the time required, date in which he requires the vehicle and upload his identity like Passport/Aadhar, and Valid Driving License copy etc. This Project is a Web Application. So, the user needs a Web Browser with an Active Network Connection to access the Web Application.  Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Django Requirements  Hardware:  1.	Processor: Intel Core i5 @ 2.5GHz - 2.7GHz 2.	Memory: 12GB  3.	OS: Windows 10  Software:  1.	Visual Studio Code 2.	SQLite Database Server  Modules  1.	Admin  a.	Admin Account Creation b.	Maintaining a Database for entering & viewing details of Cars available for rent. c.	Viewing the Orders from Customers & Daily Sales d.	Managing the Cars’ Details for Updating New Details & Deletion of any Car Record. 2.	Customer  a.	Customer Account Creation b.	Search Feature for Car to Rent c.	View & Manage Car Orders
